feat: Domains and ranges for quantified variables (#2195)
dafny-lang/dafny: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Upcoming

- feat: The IDE will show verification errors for a method immediately after that method has been verified, instead of after all methods are verified.

> - feat: New syntax for quantified variables, allowing per-variable domains (`x <- C`) and ranges (`x | P(x), y | Q(x, y)`). See Section [2.6.5](https://dafny-lang.github.io/dafny/DafnyRef/DafnyRef#sec-quantifier-domains) of the Reference Manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: New syntax for quantified variables, allowing per-variable domains (`x <- C`) and ranges (`x | P(x), y | Q(x, y)`). See [the quantifier domain section](https://dafny-lang.github.io/dafny/DafnyRef/DafnyRef#sec-quantifier-domains) of the Reference Manual.
```
Let's not use hard numbers, they can get outdated (for example, 2.6.5 currently refers to numeric literals, what can it refer to in one year.
